You just learn to be the boss.
You are very busy.
So shoot me to meet you.
My name is Hezecheng, and I am Qingzu's personal assistant.
This is my tomorrow.
What does the emoticon "Learn Boss" mean?
Can't believe it,
Since you can't trust me, there's nothing to talk about.
Look here, I go further.
That's pretty much it.
Tell me, why are you asking me to invite you to my house?
That's right, our company has been strictly maintaining a batch of heart medicine recently.
But I can't stab it into my mouth.
I want you to listen and speak. Say it. Say it. Why do you want to treat me to a house? That's right. Our company has been strictly maintaining a batch of heart medicine recently. But I can't stab it into my mouth. Want you to listen. Say it. Say it. Say it. Say it. Say it
I am right in front of the Qin people
Go without eyes
I guarantee our cooperation in major political affairs
You can definitely make a lot of money
You have so many May Fourth
He is also worthy of cooperating with my Qin family and is undefeated.
But the Qin clan is Qin, is it the Da Qin Jin of the group? I believe it
Qin also agreed with him only for his sake.
Sorry to trouble you
Is that true?
Happy cooperation, happy cooperation
My son Akko is so awesome
I got on the Qin family’s line so quickly.
What do you mean
Can't you see my son?
If it weren't for you not having the right, it would be fine
Can my son just disappear from the piano stand now?
The horror is not yours Wen Dong
Just to make you mature
But I will let you live and die standing on the ground
Why are you not afraid of yourself? How can you do business?
Once the company goes bankrupt
Once you die, your mother
Just a sick sheep
What do you have to do with my parents?
So do you dislike my family?
If you can help me find the money
Worth changing
I can even think about it. It's a good job.
Just eat